What you have derived for
the CTRV model, is a process model that
considers the possibility to drive
on a straight line, or doing a turn.
That's really great because it will
help us to achieve good results
when tracking a bike
in the project later.
Now let's go to the next part of this
lesson, and see how the UKF works.
The way the unscented Kalman filter
processes measurements over time is
exactly the same as the extended
Kalman filter does.
We have a prediction step, which is
independent of the measurement model.
In this step, you will use
the CTRV model we just delivered.
Then we have an update step where we
use the radar measurement model, or
the laser measurement model,
depending on the type of
measurement we just received.
This means you'll be able to apply
the same top level processing chain for
the unscented Kalman filter as you
use for the extended Kalman filter.
The difference between the unscented and
the extended Kalman filters is how
the unscented Kalman filter deals
with the non linear process models or
measurement models.
For that, the unscented Kalman filter
uses an approach called unscented
transformation.
Let me show what this is.